right we're getting ready to hook up to
this 10 series tiller this is a 66 inch
wide and just to point out a couple of
things for we get hook to it this is a
clevis hitch here where your lift arm is
going to go it's fully adjustable either
way so you can make it fit about any
tractor and you can also offset it like
if your tractor our tractor is a little
wider than 66 inches so we'll offset
this a little bit so we can clear out
one side of the tracks another thing to
remember when you're hooking up your
tiller when you get your tiller this
tractor can be hooked to a thirty five
horsepower it can be hooked to a 60
horsepower tractor and so the drive
shaft will come plenty long enough to
hook to about any sized tractor on most
tractors including this one it will
probably need to be cut just a little
bit and when you have to cut a shaft
you're going to pull it apart you'll
notice that the metal sticks out further
than the plastic tube that's so you can
line it up but before you push it
together if you cut both pieces the same
length you'll have a hard time lining
this up so if you get rid if you hook
your three-point hitch up and you like
say two inches from being able to get on
your PTO shaft you'll need to need to
cut two inches from your shield and two
inches on your shaft and that'll have to
be done on both sides to come up with
two inches
these chains are to hook to the tiller
and hook to your tractor to keep the
cover from turning while your PTO shaft
is turning the cow guys have gone back
to the shop to cut the shaft here
because it was too long there is a way
that you can adjust your shaft to the
proper length before you even hook up
which will make it less trouble for you
look at the shaft on your tiller right
here see where your clutch is going to
go and then what you're going to need to
do is measure from the edge of your
shaft to the centerline of your pins
here and that looks like approximately
six inches then take your tractor this
would be with your implements apart
simply take your tractor find the
centerline of your drawbars measure to
the end of your PTO shaft looks like you
have about 1618 inches so get an exact
measurement if 24 inches is what you
have from the end of this shaft to the
edge of the shaft then that's what
you're going to need to cut your shaft
to and usually a tiller will come longer
than that you have to cut it to the
Pacific need so that'll save you some
time by pre measuring it and getting it
cut before you mount adjusting the width
and offset of your tiller this tiller is
a 10 Series comes in several different
sizes 66 70 for this tractor sitting
about 6 feet wide so 74 would have
cleared the tracks dead in the center
but a lot of the tractors depending on
the horsepower and the type of dirts you
have will not pull a tiller the full
width of the tractor especially when
they've gone - these are four tires on
these smaller compact tractors so we've
used one a little bit narrower than the
tractor on purpose this is a 66 inch
tiller and what we've done with the
Sigma tiller you're able to offset your
clevis hitches here we've moved this one
all the way into the center we've moved
this one out about six inches and then
the lift is to where we can always keep
a clear path being tilled on one side by
backing up without having to leave a
hard spot in our garden okay now that
we've cut the shaft to fit and put it
back in and reinstalled it we've got the
two safety chains here that's going to
keep the cover from being able to turn
while your PTO shaft is
earning and remember that when you're
measuring your shaft when it's going to
be at the shortest place is when the PTO
shaft is directly in line and when it's
level if you raise your tiller up real
high to be able to get your shaft on
when you lower it back you're going to
do gearbox or PTO damage so make sure
that when you're doing your measuring
you're keeping your shafts level and in
here the first thing we've done is gone
over it with a to bottom turning plough
that's the first thing needs to be done
to all Gardens and then we've gone over
these two rows with a disc arrow twice
and this is hard red clay it's pretty
soft you could just find a plant in it's
going to leave a few small clods that's
not necessarily a bad thing it will keep
your ground from getting harder after
rain we've not done anything to this
side here we're going to go over this
side first with the tiller so you can
see the difference between what a tiller
does and what a disc era does and then
we'll probably go over the area we disc
aired with the tiller to just to make it
better
you'd be able to see the difference in
one pass with a tiller and to pass with
a disc here right off the bat
okay so after just one pass with the
tiller you can see it's a lot looser
it's a lot more consistent soil you
could keep going over a disc hair and
get it like this but a tiller is just a
one-stop-shop deal and you get
everything like you want it makes it
really great to plant with we're going
to do a better video in just a minute
things like a better are really going to
work a lot better in this looser ground
after a tiller is going over then with a
disc hair but the disc care does work
okay so we've left the rear gate fully
open so you can see better somewhere in
between fully open and halfway open is
going to make the difference in how fine
the ground is with them with the
tailgate fully open like that it's going
to leave it a lot coarser than it will
if you lower that tailgate but we just
wanted you to see what it's doing there
see the difference this is gone over
with a disc and a tiller is still not as
fine as with the tiller but it's because
we had the tailgate fully opened and let
everything discharge really easy so
we're going to go back through the
center we're going to lower the tailgate
this is over disk area already and it's
going to get even finer than this area
over here this is simply one plot one
pass with no disc era but with the
tailgate down so the tailgate on the
back of a tiller makes a big difference
and that will all depend on the soil you
have and the dryness of your soul
so now we've lowered the tailgate down
it's going to make it quite a bit finer
than this side over here that had the
tailgate up and then groundspeed has a
lot to do with it also if you take a
slower ground speed it's going to be
fonder if you take a faster ground speed
it'll be course